[ Hermes ]
EXCITING NEWS,
PEOPLE!
THE PET LICENSE
I REQUISITIONED FOR
NIBBLER HAS ARRIVED.
HERMES, THAT'S SWEET.
I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU CARED ABOUT NIBBLER.
DREAM ON, WOMAN.
I'D LIKE TO PUT
THE LITTLE BASTARD IN A SACK
AND TOSS THE SACK IN A RIVER
AND HURL THE RIVER INTO SPACE
BUT I DO LIKE
FILLING OUT REQUISITIONS
AND THESE WERE SOME DOOZIES.
GREAT JAH'S DREADLOCKS!
THERE'S BEEN A MIX-UP.
THIS ISN'T A PET LICENSE,
IT'S A FISHING LICENSE!
AND IT'S MANDATORY!
[ Farnsworth ]
AH! THE EXACT CENTER
OF THE ATLANTIC OCEAN.
THIS SEEMS THE LOGICAL PLACE
FOR FISH TO CONGREGATE.
SO, WE'RE
IN INTERNATIONAL WATERS?
INDEED SO.
FALCON, THIS IS BLUE RAVEN.
THE GOOSE HAS NESTED.
REPEAT, THE GOOSE HAS NESTED.
HEY, GUESS WHAT
YOU'RE ACCESSORIES TO.
THE SUN, THE SEA AIR,
GOOD FRIENDS...
LEELA'S RIGHT.
FISHING BLOWS.
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE MAKE IT INTERESTING?
[ Acknowledging Comments ]
EVERYBODY KICK IN FIVE BUCKS.
THERE, WASN'T THAT INTERESTING?
- BENDER!
- [ Chuckles ]
THIS CONTEST IS
AS GOOD AS OVER.
I ONCE CAUGHT
A FISH THIS BIG.
OH, YEAH?
I ONCE CAUGHT A FISH
THIS BIG.
I'M AFRAID YOU'RE
BOTH OUT OF YOUR
LEAGUE, BOYS
'CAUSE YOU'RE LOOKING AT A WOMAN
WHO OWNS HER OWN HARPOON.
HARPOON, MY ASS.
[ Chuckles ]
OKAY.
[ Yells ]
LET'S SEE NOW.
WHICH BAIT TO USE...
CRICKETS, SQUID
CHICKEN NECKS?
EXCUSE ME.
IF I MIGHT BE SO BOLD,
I'M WILLING TO OFFER
MY SERVICES AS A BAIT CRITIC.
THESE SARDINES,
FOR EXAMPLE
ARE BLAND AND TASTELESS.
[ Gobbling Noisily ]
AND THESE DRY,
STRINGY NIGHT CRAWLERS--
THOUGH JUICY...
VERY, VERY JUICY...
[ Obnoxious Slurping ]
I DON'T BELIEVE THIS!
IT'S EATING MY BAIT!
BEAT IT,
YOU MOOCHING CRAWDAD!
[ Imitating Curly ]
WOO, WOO, WOO, WOO, WOO!
[ Sonar Beeping ]
HEY, FRY, CHECK OUT
MY LASER-GUIDED
FISHING ROD.
QUIET, BENDER,
YOU'RE SCARING AWAY THE FISH.
FINE. I'LL HEAD OVER
TO THE OTHER SIDE.
[ Yelling ]
GOOD LUCK FISHING
ON THIS SIDE!
[ Casting Whir ]
[ Chuckling ]
I CAN HIT A FISH
BETWEEN THE EYES FROM 20 YARDS.
OH, YEAH?
I CAN HIT A SHRIMP.
A SHRIMP?
[ Casting Whir ]
I FIND IT A BIT HARD
TO BELIEVE THAT...
[ Fry Grunts ]
AH, HA!
GATHER 'ROUND, CHUMPS.
I GOT THE WINNER!
OH...
OH, SO THIS IS WHERE
YOU SHOP FOR YOUR BOOTS.
[ Bender ]
COUPLE MORE OF THOSE
AND YOU'LL HAVE
YOURSELF A FISH STICK.
[ Hearty Laughter ]
HEY!
A FISH THIS FINE BELONGS
IN A FISH-NUGGET-STYLE CHUNKLET.
ANYWAY, IT'S BIGGER
THAN ANYTHING YOU'VE CAUGHT.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Casting Whir ]
[ Fry ]
OW! MY SMALL INTESTINE!
[ Grunts ]
[ Splash ]
BINGO!
WHATEVER IT IS, IT'S 20 TIMES
HEAVIER THAN A BOOT.
OH!
YOU'LL NEVER
CATCH ANYTHING
WITH THAT
PRIMITIVE TECHNOLOGY.
WHAT YOU NEED
IS THIS FISH PHEROMONE--
THE MOST POTENT APHRODISIAC
KNOWN TO FISHKIND.
[ Rattling ]
UH, OH.
[ Yelling ]
[ Sniffing ]
I'MINTO YOU.
[ Slurping ]
OH, MY!
[ Whirring ]
HEY, BENDER!
I JUST CAUGHT A FISH
THIS BIG.
QUIT EXAGGERATING, FRY.
AW, SCREW THIS.
IF I'M NOT GOING
TO CATCH A FISH
I MIGHT AS WELL NOT CATCH
A BIG FISH.
[ Metal Creaking ]
THERE.
LIKE MOST OF LIFE'S PROBLEMS
THIS ONE CAN BE SOLVED
WITH BENDING.
BENDER, BE CAREFUL!
THAT'S THE SHIP'S
DIAMOND FILAMENT TETHER.
IT'S UNBREAKABLE.
THEN WHY DO I
HAVE TO BE CAREFUL?
IT BELONGED TO MY GRANDMOTHER.
[ Grunts ]
[ Splash ]
MY MANWICH!
[ All Snoring ]
[ Squeaking ]
[ Splash ]
WAKE UP, EVERYONE!
I'VE GOT SOMETHING,
AND THIS TIME IT'S ALIVE.
OH! DR. ZOIDBERG,
SINCE WHEN DO YOU
EVEN WEAR BOOTS?
I WASN'T WEARING IT.
I WAS EATING IT.
[ Groan And Splash ]
COME ON, LET'S GO HOME.
[ Screams ]
SUNBURN!
MY FABULOUS BODY!
IT'S RUINED!
WHAT HAPPENED
TO MY PARASOL?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT WASN'T HERE
WHEN I TOOK YOUR UMBRELLA.
WHAT?!
I PUT SUNBLOCK ON YOU.
WELL, IT DIDN'T WORK.
[ Sinister Chuckle ]
[ Leela ]
COME ON, BENDER.
PULL IN YOUR LINE,
AND LET'S GO.
[ Metal Squeaking ]
[ Grunts ]
HEY, I'M SNAGGED.
IT'S NOT SNAGGED.
THE MECHANO-MAN
HAS CAUGHT SOMETHING.
[ Grunting ]
SWEET ZOMBIE JESUS!
IT'S HUGE!
IT'S COMING UP!
[ Gasping And Yelling ]
WHOA, THAT'S BIG!
A COLOSSAL MOUTH BASS!
[ Whirring Accelerating ]
IT'S DIVING!
[ Metal Groaning ]
IT'S PULLING US UNDER!
EVERYONE, INTO THE SHIP!
WAIT, I'LL SAVE US...
BY CUTTING THE UNBREAKABLE
DIAMOND FILAMENT.
[ Groaning ]
WELL, AT LEAST I'LL DIE
WITH MY FRIENDS.
HELLO?
[ Clank ]
[ All Screaming ]
[ Hermes ]
MY SPEEDOS!
[ Alarm Blaring ]
DEPTH AT 45 HUNDRED FEET...
48 HUNDRED,
50 HUNDRED...
5,000 FEET.
DEAR LORD!
THAT'S OVER 150 ATMOSPHERES
OF PRESSURE!
HOW MANY ATMOSPHERES
CAN THE SHIP WITHSTAND?
WELL, IT'S A SPACESHIP
SO I'D SAY ANYWHERE
BETWEEN ZERO AND ONE.
[ Metal Groaning ]
WHAT'S THAT?
IS SOMEONE BENDING GIRDERS?
[ Creaking And Groaning ]
OY!
WE'LL BE CRUSHED IF WE DON'T
EQUALIZE THE PRESSURE.
HOW DO WE DO THAT?
THAT SHOULD DO IT.
OH! WE'RE ALL GOING TO DIE!
WAIT, I'LL BE BACK IN A MINUTE.
[ Loud Flush ]
[ Cheering ]
- YOU DID IT, FRY!
- DID WHAT?
[ Explosive Thud ]
[ Yelling ]
[ Metal Groaning ]
PEOPLE, IT'S FAR, FAR WORSE
THAN WE THOUGHT.
MY FISH GOT AWAY.
[ Electrical Crackling ]
THERE! GOOD AS NEW.
EXCEPT THAT WE'RE
THREE MILES BELOW THE SURFACE
WE DON'T HAVE ANY FOOD
AND THE SHIP WON'T WORK
UNDERWATER.
TEMPERS
ARE WEARING THIN.
LET'S JUST HOPE SOME ROBOT
DOESN'T KILL EVERYBODY.
THE IMPORTANT THING
IS THAT WE DON'T PANIC.
THERE ARE RULES
FOR SITUATIONS LIKE THIS.
NOW, THE FIRST ORDER OF BUSINESS
IS LUNCH.
I SUGGEST
A NICE LOBSTER ZOIDBERG.
I MEAN, UH,
LOBSTER NEWBURG.
I MEAN,
DR. ZOIDBERG.
OKAY, EVERYONE.
CALM DOWN.
THE PROFESSOR AND I
WILL GET TO WORK
ON THE SHIP.
BENDER, ZOIDBERG,
SINCE YOU CAN
SURVIVE UNDERWATER
YOU'LL GO OUT
AND LOOK FOR FOOD.
I BETTER GO, TOO.
THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT I LIKE.
FRY, NO! THE PRESSURE
WILL CRUSH YOU
LIKE A GREEN SNAKE
UNDER A SUGARCANE TRUCK!
NOT NECESSARILY.
THIS IS A CHANCE
FOR FRY TO TEST OUT
MY EXPERIMENTAL
ANTI-PRESSURE PILL.
I CAN'T
SWALLOW THAT.
WELL, THEN, GOOD NEWS!
IT'S A SUPPOSITORY.
HOW ARE
YOU DOING THERE, FRY?
[ Gurgling ]
GLAD TO HEAR IT.
AHA!
[ Grunts ]
[ Voice Vibrating ]
AW, YEAH!
YUM, YUM, YUM.
UH-OH.
[ Imitating Three Stooges ]
LOOK AT ME.
I'M DR. ZOIDBERG--
HOMEOWNER.
CAREFUL, FRY.
I THINK THAT FLAG
MIGHT BE POISONOUS.
AHOY, MATEYS!
I SHANGHAIED US
SOME HEARTY GRUB.
[ Pops ]
[ Growls ]
THE LAWS OF SCIENCE
BE A HARSH MISTRESS.
SAY, ROBOT, OLD BUDDY,
COULD YOU HELP ME MOVE A COUCH?
AW, OKAY, BUT I'M NOT
CARRYING IT UPSTAIRS.
[ Gasps ]
[ Giggling ]
[ Gurgling Incoherently ]
WHAT IS IT, FRY?
[ Still Gurgling ]
...ADE.
YOU WANT SOME LEMONADE?
YOU SAW A BIG PARADE?
YOUR STUDENTS LOANS
HAVE BEEN REPAID?
THEN HOW ABOUT LENDING
YOUR OLD PAL ZOIDBERG
A FEW BUCKS, MR. MILLIONAIRE?
[ Fry Speaking Incoherently ]
FRY, SWALLOW YOUR FOOD,
THEN TALK.
[ Gulps Noisily ]
A MERMAID!
YOU THINK YOU
SAW A MERMAID?
NO. I DID SEE A MERMAID.
SHE WAS WEARING A TUBE TOP.
AND SHE HAD
A BEAUTIFUL, SCALY TAIL
AND I THINK SHE HAD
HAIR EXTENSIONS.
[ Disbelieving Comments ]
YOU'RE SIMPLY
HALLUCINATING,
YOU MORON.
WHAT'S SO
FAR-FETCHED
ABOUT MERMAIDS?
THERE'S ALL SORTS
OF WEIRD SEA CREATURES
HERE IN THE FUTURE,
LIKE DR. ZOIDBERG.
I'M AFRAID FRY IS
SUFFERING FROM
OCEAN MADNESS.
EVERY TIME SOMETHING GOOD
HAPPENS TO ME
YOU SAY IT'S SOME KIND
OF MADNESS OR I'M DRUNK
OR I ATE TOO MUCH CANDY.
WELL, I SAW A REAL MERMAID
AND I WISH JUST ONCE
MY FRIENDS WOULD HAVE
THE DECENCY AND KINDNESS
TO BELIEVE ME.
OCEAN MADNESS.
[ Slams ]
HE MAY HAVE OCEAN MADNESS
BUT THAT'S NO EXCUSE
FOR OCEAN RUDENESS.
[ Snoring ]
"OCEAN MADNESS."
YEAH, RIGHT.
YEAH, IT'S ALWAYS SOMETHING,
AIN'T IT?
[ Gasping ]
IT'S HER!
BENDER, WAKE UP!
SHE'S HERE! WAKE UP!
[ Snoring ]
[ Very Loud Snoring ]
[ Gulps ]
OXYGEN.
[ Bubbly Screaming ]
HERE YOU GO,
DARLING.
[ Gasping ]
HEY, I CAN BREATHE.
AND TALK. JUST LIKE A FISH.
OH, YOU SPEAK FISH?
- [ High-pitched Gurgling ]
- WHAT?
I'M SORRY, MY
ACCENT'S ATROCIOUS.
HI. MY NAME'S UMBRIEL.
I'M FRY.
SO, UH,
AM I GOING TO DROWN?
'COURSE NOT.
JUST STAY CALM,
AND LET THE GENTLE CURRENTS
RELAX YOUR EVERY MUSCLE.
OH, YEAH!
DID IT JUST GET WARMER?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU'RE REALLY REAL.
I LIKE YOUR TAIL.
OH, YOU'RE SWEET.
I LIKE THOSE WIGGLY DOODADS
COMING OUT OF YOUR HIPS.
OH, THANKS.
THEY'RE CALLED PANTS.
THIS HERE'S
A VOLCANIC VENT.
THE WATER COMES OUT
AT OVER 4,000 DEGREES.
NO KIDDING?
AH.
DID IT JUST GET COLDER?
TELL ME MORE ABOUT THAT BIZARRE
LANDY WORLD YOU COME FROM.
IS THERE WATER THERE, TOO?
SURE. SOMETIMES IT
FALLS FROM THE SKY.
HMM.
AND SOMETIMES
IT DOESN'T.
[ Gasping ]
OH, MR. FRY, YOU DO GO ON.
YOU KNOW WHAT I LIKE
BEST ABOUT YOU, UMBRIEL?
YOU FIND ME FASCINATING
EVEN WHEN I'M NOT CLAIMING TO BE
A JEWEL THIEF OR A LION TAMER.
LIONS? THERE ARE SEA LIONS
ON THE LAND?
YUP. WE CALL THEM
"LAND SEA LIONS."
I TAME THEM.
I'M ALMOST DONE
RECONFIGURING
THE SHIP'S
PROPULSION SYSTEM.
WE CAN LEAVE AS SOON AS
THE PAPIER-MÂCHE IS DRY.
- WHERE'S FRY?
- I DIDN'T KILL HIM. PROFESSOR?
NO, I'VE BEEN BUSY.
HE MUST HAVE GONE OUT
LOOKING FOR THAT "MERMAID."
THE POOR, DEMENTED HONKY.
IT'S OCEAN MADNESS, ALL RIGHT.
SAILORS CALL IT "AQUA DEMENTIA,"
"THE DEEP DOWN CRAZIES,"
"THE WET WILLIES,"
"THE SCREAMING MOIST..."
WE'LL FORM A SEARCH PARTY.
NOW, WE'LL NEED OXYGEN.
I GOT IT COVERED.
IN THE EVENT
OF AN EMERGENCY
MY ASS CAN BE USED
AS A FLOTATION DEVICE.
OH, THAT REMINDS ME.
YOU'VE ALL TAKEN YOUR
PRESSURE PILLS, RIGHT?
YES. STOP ASKING.
[ Sniffing ]
I'VE GOT HIS SCENT.
OVER HERE
WHERE THE WATER GETS WARMER.
[ Smacking Lips ]
THIS WAY.
[ All Gasping ]
[ All ]
OOH!
BEND ME!
[ Speaking Chinese ]
DUDE!
AN ANCIENT SUNKEN CITY!
COULD IT POSSIBLY BE?
ARE THE OLD LEGENDS TRUE?
[ Awed Exclamations ]
IT IS!
IT'S THE FABLED
LOST CITY OF ATLANTA!
HOWDY, Y'ALL!
WELCOME TO ATLANTA.
FOLKS 'ROUND THESE PARTS
CALL ME THE COLONEL.
[ Humming Banjo Music ]
HERE, HAVE SOME BREATHERS
COURTESY OF
OUR CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
THIS IS UNCOMFORTABLE
AND HUMILIATING.
NOW, IF THEY COULD PUT IT
IN THE FORM OF A SUPPOSITORY...
Y'ALL ENJOY YOUR STAY.
TOURISM'S OUR MAIN SOURCE
OF INCOME 'ROUND HERE
SO, UH, SEE THE SIGHTS,
SPEND SOME MONEY...
PLEASE DON'T LEAVE.
[ Bender ]
FRY!
OH, I JUST KNEW
YOU WERE STILL ALIVE!
I OWE YOU TEN BUCKS, HERMES.
HEY, THE MOST
AMAZING THING HAPPENED.
IT'S TWO-FOR-ONE TUESDAY
AT KRISPY KREME
PLUS, THERE'S MERMAIDS.
NICE OUT-OF-TOWN FOLKS
I'D LIKE YOU TO MEET
MY DAUGHTER, UMBRIEL.
UMBRIEL, THESE ARE SOME YANKEES.
SO, FRY
ATLANTA WAS AN AMERICAN CITY
IN YOUR TIME?
I THINK IT WAS
JUST AN AIRPORT.
THEY HAD A PLACE WHERE
YOU COULD BUY NUTS.
NO! ANCIENT ATLANTA WAS
MORE THAN JUST A DELTA HUB.
IT WAS A VIBRANT METROPOLIS--
THE EQUAL OF PARIS OR NEW YORK.
THAT'S RIGHT, HONEY.
WHATEVER YOU SAY.
LOOK AT THESE
FABULOUS RUINS--
TURNER FIELD,
THE COCA-COLA BOTTLING PLANT
THE, UH... THE AIRPORT.
BUT, TELL US,
HOW COULD A CITY
WITH SUCH A...
FABULOUS AIRPORT
END UP UNDERWATER?
AH, NOW,
THAT'S A STORY
THAT CAN ONLY RIGHTLY BE TOLD
IN A CHAMBER OF COMMERCE VIDEO
NARRATED BY
FOLK-ROCK TROUBADOUR, DONOVAN.
[ Beeps ]
Atlanta was a city, landlocked
hundreds of miles from the area
we now call the Atlantic Ocean.
Yet, so desperate the city's
desire for tourism
that they moved offshore,
becoming an island
and an even bigger Delta hub,
until the city overdeveloped
and it started to sink.
Knowing their fate,
the quality people
ran away-- Ted Turner,
Hank Aaron, Jeff Foxworthy
the guy who invented Coca-Cola,
the Magician,
and the other so-called gods
of our legends--
though gods they were...
and also, Jane Fonda was there.
The others chose to remain
behind on their porches
with their rifles, and one day
evolve into mermaids
and sing, and dance,
and ring in the new...
[ All ]
HAIL ATLANTA!
- [ Beeps ]
- "THE MAGICIAN"?
WHOA-WHOA-WHOA!
WOULDN'T IT TAKE
MILLIONS OF YEARS
TO EVOLVE INTO MERMAIDS?
NORMALLY, YES.
BUT THE CAFFEINE
REALLY SPED THINGS UP.
THAT STUFF'S WONDERFUL.
SO, WHEN UMBRIEL
FIRST BROUGHT HOME
THIS CARPETBAGGER
I WAS AGIN' IT
BUT DAMN IF OL' LEGS
HERE AIN'T GROWN ON ME!
AW, SHUCKS, COLONEL.
[ Spitting ]
[ Ding ]
WELL, IT'S ALL
VERY NICE HERE
BUT WE SHOULD BE GOING.
I MISS ME WIFE
AND ME OXYGEN.
YES, WE ALL MISS OUR LOVED ONES
AND GASES.
COME ON, FRY.
WAIT.
I'M NOT GOING WITH YOU.
[ All Gasping ]
BUT, FRY, WHAT ABOUT US?
WHAT ABOUT YOUR LIFE
ON THE SURFACE?
YOU DON'T BELONG DOWN HERE.
SHE'S RIGHT.
I MEAN, SURE,
THEY GOT THE BRAVES
BUT IT'S A THIRD-RATE SYMPHONY.
FRY, YOU HALF-MAD,
HALF-INSANE MANIAC
BE REASONABLE.
DON'T YOU REALIZE THAT
IF YOU STAY AT THIS DEPTH
YOUR BODY WILL PERMANENTLY ADAPT
TO THE PRESSURE?
REALIZE IT?
I DON'T EVEN
UNDERSTAND IT.
IT MEANS YOU'LL NEVER BE ABLE
TO RETURN TO THE SURFACE.
I DON'T CARE.
I'M STAYING.
I'VE GOT EVERYTHING
I WANT RIGHT HERE.
I'M BORED!
LET'S GO.
YOU KNOW, FRY
I'VE GOT A LITTLE PLACE
JUST OUTSIDE TOWN.
YOU COULD COME VISIT,
MAYBE?
SORRY, ZOIDBERG.
I'M TRYING TO JOIN
THE COUNTRY CLUB.
[ Sobbing ]
AH, FRY!
[ Blubbering ]
I'LL MISS YOU!
Y'ALL COME BACK, NOW,
YOU HEAR?
LET'S GO, DAMN IT!
LET'S GO!
WELL, I GUESS
THIS IS GOOD-BYE
FOR ME AS WELL.
WHATEVER.
LATER.
BYE.
WHOA! MY HOME!
IT BURNED DOWN!
[ Crying ]
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?
THAT'S
A VERY GOOD QUESTION.
SO, THAT'S
WHERE I LEFT MY CIGAR.
THAT JUST RAISES
FURTHER QUESTIONS.
YOU KNOW, UMBRIEL,
THESE LAST 24 HOURS
HAVE BEEN
THE HAPPIEST DAYS OF MY LIFE.
OH, FRY, I WANT YOU TO MAKE
A MER-WOMAN OUT OF MER-ME.
MERCY! I DO BELIEVE
I'M GETTIN' THE VAPORS.
[ Both Moaning ]
[ Umbriel ]
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?
YEAH, I'M A LITTLE
CONFUSED, TOO.
HOW DO I... YOU KNOW,
WITH THE TAIL, AND ALL?
I'M NOT YOUR FIRST,
AM I?
I MEAN, I LAY MY EGGS,
THEN I LEAVE
AND YOU RELEASE
YOUR FERTILIZER.
[ Gasping ]
[ Panting ]
WHY COULDN'T SHE BE
THE OTHER KIND OF MERMAID
WITH THE FISH PART ON TOP,
AND THE LADY PART ON THE BOTTOM?
NOW, WHO'S GOING TO ESCORT
ME TO THE DEBUTANTE BALL?
WELL, WHAT ABOUT THAT RICH,
YOUNG DUGONG FROM MACON?
THERE. THE ENGINE MODIFICATIONS
ARE COMPLETE.
PREPARE FOR LAUNCH.
[ Engines Roaring ]
WAIT! WAIT FOR ME!
DON'T LEAVE ME HERE!
[ Gasping ]
[ Grunting ]
AH!
[ Screaming ]
[ Man ]
AND, SO
IN HONOR
OF HIS RECORD-BREAKING CATCH
I'M PROUD TO AWARD BENDER
THIS CHECK FOR $1,000.
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Gasping ]
IT'S YOU!
HEY, BUDDY!
MY MANWICH!
FRY, ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
WHAT HAPPENED?
WHAT ABOUT UMBRIEL?
WELL, IT TURNS OUT I LOVED HER,
BUT I WASN'T "IN LOVE" WITH HER.
TROUBLE IN BED.
AH, IT'S GREAT
TO HAVE YOU BACK, BUDDY.
WAIT, UH...
THIS IS NO RECORD.
GIVE ME BACK THAT CHECK.
I'M GIVING IT
TO SOME GIANT ORPHANS.
OW! BENDER,
YOU'RE HURTING ME!
OW!
[ Choking ]
HEY!
I'M TRYING TO SLEEP IN HERE.
[ Donovan ]
HAIL ATLANTA.